Ah leader
You are mistaken.
Where are the Olympic champions?
It's my son Zhao Ruolan
He's just a bargain
How could he possibly be an Olympic champion?
Impossible Impossible
This is the hometown of Wu Zhuangyuan
Everyone has inherited a letter from Wu Zhuangyuan
Although Miss Zhang Ruolan is a female colleague
But in our building
It has always been a woman who does not allow men
Why can't he be an Olympic champion?
What hometown of the champion?
It's just a garbage shelter
Bunch of trash
10 years ago, my husband ran over Zhao Daming
Ten years later, my son is still running over their whole village
Oh yeah, and this bitch
He wants to win the game
He actually carved something?
Oh yeah let me tell you
When he competed in the Olympic Games
He measures things.
He was also taken care of by Ma Jinshan
I really disgraced you all
leaders
Don't be fooled by them
Goddamn thing
Who gave you the courage?
Let you spread rumors to slander Zhao Ruolan and the richest man in Ma